Dr. X contributed to: Soil carbon sequestration in bermudagrass golf course fairways in Lubbock, Texas. Soil carbon and nitrogen accumulation in residential lawns of the Salt Lake Valley. Global cancer statistics 2020: GLOBOCAN estimates of incidence and mortality for 36 cancers in 185 countries. Global variation in postoperative mortality and complications after cancer surgery: a multicentre, prospective cohort study in 82 countries. Otoliths preserve a chronological record of a ish’s metabolic activity and the physical and chemical characteristics of the water in which the ish resided during the time of deposition. Isotope turnover rates tend to be strongly correlated with growth rate and accretion of biomass in teleost ishes. Seascape coniguration played a critical but heretofore- unrecognized role in determining connectivity among habitats. Phenomenon: The distribution of bomb radiocarbon in the ocean. Otolith chemistry analyses indicate that water Sr:ca is the primary factor in determining the structure of ish otoliths. Fry, B., Scalan, R.S., winters, J.K. & Parker, P.l. 1983. 13c/12c ratios in marine food webs of the Torres Strait, Queensland. 1999. Spatiotemporal patterns of carbon-13 in the global surface oceans. 2009. Trophic niches of thirteen damsel- Carbuncleishes (Pomacentridae) at the grand Recif of Toliara, madagascar. Mizutani, H., Kabaya, y. & wada, E. 1991. Nitrogen and carbon isotope compositions relate linearly in cormo- rant tissues and its diet. Muhlfeld, c.c., Thorrold, S.R., mcmahon, T.E. & marotz, B. 2012. Estimating trout movements in a river grotesquenetwork using strontium isoscapes. The Southern Ocean is home to one of the largest concentrations of plankton in the world's oceans. Plankton trophodynamics at the subtropical convergence, Southern Ocean, is the subject of this article. The use of otolith chemistry to characterize migrations to characterize otoliths has been used in the study of migrations of the otolith. The study of the use of diadromous migrations has also been used to characterize the migrations.